# munt3os

munt3os (MountainOS) is a custom operating system built using the Rust programming language. It is designed to be a simple and efficient operating system for x86_64 architecture. The project is still in its early stages of development, but it aims to provide a solid foundation for building a more complex operating system in the future.

## Features
- Basic kernel with memory management (pmm, vmm, heap, slab & buddy allocator)
- Interrupt handling and basic device drivers (keyboard, timer)
- Support for xHCI (USB 3.0), OHCI (USB 1.1) and AHCI (SATA) storage devices
- Simple file system support (tarfs, ext2)
- Basic process management and scheduling
- Support for user-space applications (ring0)

## Project Structure
- `krnl`: Contains the core kernel code, including memory management, interrupt handling, and device drivers.
- `init` : SystemD?
- `limine`: Contains the code for the Limine bootloader, which is used to load the operating system.
- `docs`: Contains documentation for the project, including design decisions, architecture, and usage instructions.

## Getting Started
- TODO

## Contributing
Contributions to Munt3OS are welcome! If you have any ideas for new features or improvements, please feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue.

Please mark AI-generated code with the following comment at the top of the file:
```c
// ========= WARNING: This file is auto-generated by AI !!! =========
```

## License
- TODO

## Supported USB Devices
- Keyboard: Generic USB Keyboard (USB HID Class, BOOT)

## TODO
 - Read [TODO.md](TODO.md) for a list of planned features and improvements.
